Modify rule S2190: Extend LaYC content for Java (#3189)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S2190/java/rule.adoc

Recursive methods must always reach a base case where the recursion is
stopped.
Infinite recursion is caused by logical errors and it will crash your
application.

== Why is this an issue?

Recursion is a technique to solve a computational problem by splitting it into
smaller problems.
A method is recursive, if it splits its input into smaller instances and calls
itself on these instances.
This continues until a smallest input, a _base case_, is reached that can not
be split further.
Similarly, recursion can also occur when multiple methods invoke each other.

> Recursion can be a useful tool unless a recursive method does not correctly
> detect base cases that let it break out of the recursion and ``++return++``.
> If this happens, the recursion will continue until the stack overflows and the
> program crashes due to a `StackOverflowError`.

Reviewer: I think this could be rephrased

```suggestion
Recursion is a useful tool, but it must be used carefully. Recursive methods need to detect base cases and end recursion with a ``++return++`` statement.
When this is not the case, recursion will continue until the stack overflows and the
program crashes due to a `StackOverflowError`.
```

Author: Yes, your version is more clear, thank you!

=== What is the potential impact?

include::../../../shared_content/layc/exception-impact.adoc[]

> == How to fix it

Reviewer: Very nice and complete "How to fix it section" !
